docs: fix some minor typos (#4603)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/1.concepts/3.rendering.md

# Rendering Modes

> Both the Browser and Server can interpret JavaScript code to render Vue.js components into HTML elements. This step is called **rendering**. Nuxt supports both **client-side** and **universal** rendering. The two approaches have pros and cons that we will cover in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the browser and server can interpret JavaScript code to render Vue.js components into HTML elements. This step is called **rendering**. Nuxt supports both **client-side** and **universal** rendering. The two approaches have pros and cons that we will cover in this section.
```

### Cons

> - **Performance**: The user has to wait for the browser to download, parse and run JavaScript files. Depending on the network for the download part and the user's device for the parsing and execution, this can take some time and impact your user's experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Performance**: The user has to wait for the browser to download, parse and run JavaScript files. Depending on the network for the download part and the user's device for the parsing and execution, this can take some time and impact the user's experience.
```

> - **Search Engine Optimization**: Indexing and updating the content delivered via client-side rendering takes more time than an HTML document already built. This is related to the performance drawback we discussed, as search engine crawlers won't wait for the interface to be fully rendered on their first try to index the page. Your content will take more time to show and update in search results pages with pure client-side rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search Engine Optimization**: Indexing and updating the content delivered via client-side rendering takes more time than an already built HTML document. This is related to the performance drawback we discussed, as search engine crawlers won't wait for the interface to be fully rendered on their first try to index the page. Your content will take more time to show and update in search results pages with pure client-side rendering.
```

### Cons

> - **Performance**: The user has to wait for the browser to download, parse and run javascript files. Depending on the network for the download part and the user's device for the parsing and execution, this can take some time and impact your user's experience.

Reviewer 2: @antfu Shouldn't case-police have caught this?

> - **Search Engine Optimization**: Indexing and updating the content delivered via client-side rendering takes more time than an already built HTML document. This is related to the performance drawback we discussed, as search engine crawlers won't wait for the interface to be fully rendered on their first try to index the page. Your content will take more time to show and update in search results pages with pure client-side rendering.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **Search Engine Optimization**: Indexing and updating the content delivered via client-side rendering takes more time than with a server-rendered HTML document. This is related to the performance drawback we discussed, as search engine crawlers won't wait for the interface to be fully rendered on their first try to index the page. Your content will take more time to show and update in search results pages with pure client-side rendering.
```
